hey people john here from fast films and
today we're going through a 2009 horror
movie called you are never really here
the movie starts off with the
protagonist trying to suffocate himself
with a plastic bag while counting
numbers back from 50.
then he proceeds to burn a picture of
somebody and cleans out a hammer which
has blood on it he then cleans out his
hotel room and throws away a bag of
cleansed stuff in trash
afterward he carefully strolls out of
the hotel through the back stairs and
walks into an alley where some mugger
tries to rob him
but he head butts the mugger in the face
and walk out from the spot the guy named
joe then takes a cab to the airport and
makes a phone call from a payphone to
somebody known as john mccleary and
tells him that it's done and hangs up
joe then again takes a cab and reaches a
dark street he notices that some kids
are watching him from the building ahead
while he enters his building
he gives those kids a spot stare and
then goes inside his home
he greets his mother but she doesn't
respond back and seems to have fallen
asleep on the couch watching tv
when joe tries to remove the spectacles
of his mother she pranks him as she was
awake the whole time and laughs joyfully
then they both talk about the tv show
that his mother has been watching and
she tells him that it is scary and then
joe puts his mother to sleep in her
bedroom but then her mother asks him to
stay for a while as she is afraid of the
tv show she was watching before
the next scene starts with joe taking a
shower then he reads a book while
sitting in his room then he has some
weird flashbacks
joe has a knife in his hand and plays
with it while his mother calls him in
the washroom as she has spilled water
everywhere and can't turn the tap off
joe opens the washroom and sends his
mother downstairs to clean up the
washroom with towels
joe gets out of the house and wanders
through the streets when he sees the
same kid he saw last night in the dark
alley joe then meets the store owner
named angel who gives him some money in
an envelope which he takes out of the
ceiling and says that the man wants to
meet him in person right away
joe takes out some money from the
envelope and gives it back to angel
joe then asked the store owner if his
son told him about their brief encounter
from yesterday night upon which the man
speaks that his son is a stupid kid then
joe says to angel that they are done and
hands him some more money and then
leaves the store
back at joe's house he helps his mother
cleaning dishes while humming an
alphabetic song
joe cleans out the refrigerator and
throws away all the things that are
rotten
joe's mother asks him about janice his
girlfriend from some 20 years ago and
says she would have been a good mom
then we see joe strangling himself again
with a plastic bag in his cupboard while
he's having some flashbacks of his
childhood where he seems to have been
strangled before
next we see that joe is standing on a
railway station and looking down the
tracks of the train while some women
watch him he then goes to a building
where he meets a guy in an office who's
having a nosebleed they talk about the
flowers which some client has sent him
joe tells the guy that they have to get
rid of angel's contact and that he will
find a new guy
john mcclary agrees with him joe lays
down on the sofa and starts eating jelly
beans and asks why he has been called to
which jon replies that the senator
vado's daughter has been missing all
weekend
now the senator wants to find her and
doesn't want the cops involved as he is
running for governor williams's ticket
moreover he is paying 50 grand in cash
and wants to meet joe in person for more
details
after this meeting joe gets out of the
building and goes to meet senator vado
where he gets the address of the
probable abduction site of his daughter
nina he fears that her daughter is used
as underage prostitution vato says that
mccleary the guy from the office told
him that joe was perfect for the job
joe then takes a few pictures of nina
and tells vato to meet at the place at 3
am
preceding this encounter joe rents out a
car and goes to the address that vato
says nina might be there
joe then goes to a store to buy some
stuff including a hammer a duct tape and
some canned sodas meanwhile constantly
having flashbacks of the past
in the street joe then passes some girls
when a girl asks if he would take
pictures of them and joe agrees but
starts losing his mind as he gets more
and more recollections of the past
joe then goes to meet another man joe
takes some medicine from him and punches
him in the stomach for being late
afterwards joe sits in his car and
arranges the things he has bought from
the store and visits asana where he
takes a relaxing steam bath with a towel
on his face while he gets more
flashbacks about a kid who has been shot
in a desert he then gets back in senses
and stands in front of a mirror and
sings the same relaxing alphabetic song
that he used to sing with his mother joe
then drives around town and stakes out
the building where nina is being held
and listens to some news
a kid walks out of the building and joe
gets out of his car to catch the kid and
forces him in his car and asks his name
joe gets inside information about the
security of the building and the safe
code of the building and where the
underage girls are being kept he then
enters the building and hits the first
security guy in the head with the hammer
and moves on to the next floor
he makes his way to the third floor and
bashes all the guys who come in his way
after a little search joe finds nina
there he puts her on his shoulders and
finds his way out of the building and
knocks out all the molesters he faces on
his way out joe puts nina in his car and
takes her to a parking garage where he
asks if she is thirsty
nina hugs joe in return for saving her
life joe tells her that he is taking her
to her dad senator vado
nina asks joe his name and then they go
to a hotel to meet vato
after getting cleaned nina sits on the
bed in hotel room where they watch news
on tv and find out that that bottle has
committed suicide upon which joe cups
nina's face with both hands and ensures
her that everything is going to be all
right
in the meantime the hotel manager knocks
on the door and suddenly a guy holding a
gun from the back of his head shoots him
through the back of the skull
joe stands freezed and watches in
astonishment two guys enter the room and
one of them picks nina and takes her out
of the room while nina cries for joe's
help
the other guy puts a gun on joe's head
and is about to kill him when joe starts
to distract him and hits him repeatedly
in the head
they have a little brawl inside the room
but joe successfully manages to knock
the guy out and make his way out the
room he escapes the building using the
outside stairs
then we see joe using tweezers to pull
out what seems like a bullet out of his
own jaw and throw it on the ground
he uses alcohol to sterilize the wound
and gets up and leaves the alley he
makes his way to the nearest phone booth
and makes a call to his handler john
mccleary to inform him about the
situation but he doesn't get any answer
from the other side
he takes a cab and goes to john's house
but no one's there and the kettle in the
kitchen has been left on for a long time
he goes to his bedroom and finds a
revolver in the top drawer and keeps it
he takes john's car and goes to his
office building where he finds him dead
and seems like he has been tortured
before death he uses the office phone
and makes a call to angels and we see
that a gunman has pointed a gun at
angel's son and they've got angel as
well
joe gets out of the office and takes the
car and starts driving down the road
while he has some more disturbing
flashbacks of his childhood
joe drives the car to his home and
doubts something might be off so he
enters the first floor through a window
inaudibly he finds his mother with a
pillow on her head and a bullet hole
through the pillow he takes off the
pillow and removes the eyeglasses from
her face and puts them on the bedside
table
in the meantime joe hears some movement
downstairs and proceeds to go downstairs
while holding the revolver in both his
hands firmly
he gets more flashbacks but dismisses
them and shots the two assailants who
trespassed his home one of them dies
fast but the other one crawls on the
floor and manages to go to the kitchen
while joe fills up a glass of water from
the tap and asks who killed his mother
joe kicks the assailant in the ribs
where he has shot him and interrogates
him about why he killed her mother and
what he was doing in his home
joe gives the wounded guy some
painkillers and gets him to talk he
tells joe about governor williams and
how he likes underage girls and that
nina is his favorite
joe inquires if his mother was afraid
during her last moments to which the
killer replies that she was sleeping
afterwards joe goes to his mother's
bedroom cleans himself and her mother
and goes on a drive
in the back of the car he has his
mother's body tied up neatly in a
plastic bag
he goes to a lake and gets some rocks
and fills his coat in her mother's
plastic bag with them and walks into the
lake while holding her body close to his
heart
they are both drowning when suddenly he
thinks about nina and decides to get out
of the lake and removes all the stones
from his coat and swims to the shore
joe gets on a bus and thinks about nina
and his father vato and what governor
williams might be doing to nina then we
see joe surveilling outside of the
governor's campaign office and then
stocks his car back to his place
then we see williams in his house where
he has a couple of young girls pictures
beside his bed and has a dollhouse
then we see joe holding a hammer in his
hand and walking through his house and
then pass by the pool
then he makes his way up to the stairs
and goes on to find nina still holding
the hammer firmly in his hand
he walks into a room that is all pink
and bright as made for children
he scoffs as he sees the body of dead
williams down on the floor with a
slashed wound on his neck while the song
my angel baby plays in the background
he sits on the bed and scurries down to
the floor and cries in desperation as
has some kind of mental breakdown during
which he removes his shirt and says that
he is weak he walks around the house
shirtless and steps down the stairs he
goes through some of the rooms and
finally finds nina sitting on a table in
the dining room eating peas with bloody
hands
besides her plate lies a bloodied razor
which seems like the same one which has
been used on williams
joe comes inside the room and sits
beside nina on the floor
nina assures joe that it's fine now the
next scene starts with joe filling up
his gas tank with nina sitting inside
the car then we see them both sitting in
a diner having breakfast
nina asks joe where they will go now and
what they will do to which joe replies
that whatever she wants
nina gets up and goes somewhere while
joe sits there staring blankly into the
space ahead with the voices overlapping
him
then we see joe take out his revolver
and put it under his chin and shoots
himself in front of everyone in blood
splatters all over the table and the
walls and his head drops dead on the
table
after the sudden turmoil nina returns
and wakes up joe it is then revealed
that the suicidal attempt was all in his
head and he is seemingly fine except
that his head is messed up joe gets up
and nina remarks that let's go and the
movie ends here
thanks for watching guys